

The voice told me who it was.

When a door's open , it means either a monster broke in or some one turned into a monster and left
either.. or.. /ˈiːðər, ɔːr/
used to show a choice of two things


When we ran over and first met you guys

That confirms my opinion that monsterization has nothing to do with viruses.
to do with /tə, duː, wɪð/
have to do with to be involved in or connected with / to do with concerning; related to

I wonder how long I'll be able to last.


I'll stand back up and continue forward
stand up
to get up onto your feet

But that’s a day's worth of food.
worth /wɜːrθ/
having a value in money, etc.

The same goes for me, if I turn into a monster
goes /ˈɡəʊz/
used in many expressions to show that somebody/something has reached a particular state/is no longer in a particular state


I hope you make it back safely.
make /meɪk/
to manage to reach or go to a place or position

How long will a shutter and a few pieces of furniture last? Nothing lasts forever.
last /læst/
to continue for a particular period of time

Why do you think I took your side.
take /teɪk/
to choose, buy or rent something

I earn just about enough to pay the rent.
rent /rent/
an amount of money that you regularly pay so that you can use a house, room, etc.

I'll just come right out and say it.
right out /raɪt, aʊt/
In a serious, direct, straightforward manner.

Screw your privacy! I'm all for it! I'm all for eating healthy foods, but I just can't stand the taste of broccoli.
all for /ɔːl, fər/
In full favor or support of someone or something.


I wonder if Joe will be able to pull it off.
pull off
to succeed in doing something difficult

There are times in life when you get shit on.
get shit on
it means somebody constantly have bad things happen to somebody.


I need to lay a trap.
lay
to prepare something in detail


He couldn't possibly have known how really break it like an expert would.
would
used for ordering somebody to do something

Where'd you get that?
get
to obtain something / to catch 

snap out of it Rachel.
snap out of it
To suddenly recover or be freed from some negative or undesirable condition, emotion, or situation.


I heard the security guard closed off the underground parking lot ahead of time.
ahead of time
Earlier than a given deadline.

At least we managed to keep hyun under control since he was out in the open.
out in the open
Exposed and visible to others in an open space or area.

That means way more than revenge.
way
a method, style or manner of doing something

I plan on sticking around longer than all of you.
stick around
to stay in a place, waiting for something to happen or for somebody to arrive

If it were in human form, I'd take it on, but...
take on 
to play against somebody in a game or contest; to fight against somebody

I can't pour this on it
pour
to make a liquid or other substance flow from a container in a continuous stream, especially by holding the container at an angle

You don't have to go. I was just fooling aorund.
fool around
to waste time instead of doing something that you should be doing

And it'll run off on its own.
run off
​to cause a race to be run
